c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe.config
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.pdb
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Rug.Osc.dll
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Rug.Osc.xml
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.g.resources
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe
c:\users\kmatsushima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.pdb
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Slack.Webhooks.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe.config
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.pdb
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.pdb
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Rug.Osc.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Slack.Webhooks.dll
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\Rug.Osc.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.g.resources
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaOscDebugger\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaStarter\NipaOscDebugger\bin\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe.config
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaStarter\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.exe
C:\Users\kmatsushima\Documents\REPOSITRY\NipaStarter\NipaOscDebugger\obj\Debug\NipaOscDebugger.pdb
